Document all support API timestamp formats. (#5439)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/api/_index.md

  queried time range. Streams are the only type that will result in log lines
  being returned.

## Timestamp formats

> The API accepts different timestamp formats. An integer with ten or less digits is interpreted as a Unix timestamp in seconds. More than ten digest are interpreted as a Unix timestamp in nanoseconds. A floating point number is a Unix timestamp with subseconds.
> 
> The timestamps can also be written in `RFC3339` and `RFC3339Nano` format supported by Go's [time](https://pkg.go.dev/time) package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API accepts several formats for timestamps. An integer with ten or fewer digits is interpreted as a Unix timestamp in seconds. More than ten digits are interpreted as a Unix timestamp in nanoseconds. A floating point number is a Unix timestamp with fractions of a second.

The timestamps can also be written in `RFC3339` and `RFC3339Nano` format, as supported by Go's [time](https://pkg.go.dev/time) package.
```
